1. 1800 Flowers – Hires people to work from home in data entry and in
customer service, taking orders over the phone.
2. 24/7 In Touch Incorporated – Work from home as a Tech Support agent
or in Customer Service. They also hire people who are fluent in Spanish
and English to work from home.
3. AAA – Work from home as a Call Center rep providing emergency
roadside assistance to their customers.
4. Allegis Transcription – Work from home on your own schedule,
transcribing recorded audio files for some of the largest providers in the
country.
5. Alorica – This company is always hiring home agents to service their
customers by resolving their questions and concerns.
6. Amazon – A variety of work at home jobs are available from Amazon.
This company hires all over the world and has both phone and
non-phone work at home jobs.
7. AMEX – Hiring Virtual Customer Care Professionals to work from home
all year to consult with card members and relay the benefits of card
membership. They have several work at home job openings.
8. AM Trace – Work from home as a Contact Tracer to assist those
recently diagnosed with COVID-19, as a Scheduler, and more. They have
immediate openings and hire those who reside in California and those
with no work experience.
9. Ansafone – Work from home answering calls from customers who need
assistance. This company provides all your equipment and offers
benefits.
10. Anthem – Now hiring remote workers to work from home in
Customer Service, Retention, as a Connect Service Group Rep, and
more. Comes with hourly pay and benefits.
11. Appen – This company literally has multiple non-phone work at
home job opportunities for independent contractors on a long-term or
short-term basis. These are entry-level jobs that do not require previous
experience. Hires worldwide.
12. ACD Direct – This company is currently hiring Home Agents to take
calls for non-profit organizations. They are currently looking for people
who can work immediately.
13. Activus Connect – Work from home as an Ambassador for the
company in Customer Care, Roadside Support, and more. This
company hires in the US and in Puerto Rico. The pay starts at $15 per
hour. Full-time with benefits.
14. Babble – This company needs people to have short 15 minute
conversations on topics that you are familiar with or about every day life
situations. You can set your own schedule. Pays $17.50 per recorded
hour with weekly pay. Hiring people in the US & Canada.
15. Babbletype – This company is always looking for Transcriptionists
and Transcribers to work from home who are accurate and reliable.
16. Bold Business – Work from home for this company as a Data
Enrichment Associate, in Data Entry, as a Recruiter, a Customer Service
Rep, and much more. They have full-time jobs with hourly pay that you
can start right away.
17. Boom Town – You can work from home as a Client Care Coordinator
contacting real estate leads for clients. Pays $13 per hour with weekly
pay and paid training including 401K.
18. Brand Institute – This company has work from home jobs for those
who reside in India, Puerto Rico, and sometimes the United States.
They hire content writers, data entry keyers, Call Center reps, and so
much more.
19. Broadpath – A variety of work at home jobs in relation to the
healthcare industry. They have immediate and seasonal openings for
Analysts, Pharmacy Reps, Customer Care Agents, and more. This
company will even give you a free computer.
20. Call Experts – This company is looking for Call Center Reps to work
from home taking calls from customers to accurately type messages
into the system summarizing their needs. Full and part-time openings
with benefits.
21. Cambly – Work from home chatting with people from all over the
world, helping them to learn English. No certificate or teaching
experience is required. Pays by the minute every week. Open
worldwide. Set and work your own schedule.
22. Capacity – Work from home as a Sales Agent or in another
department. From time to time, you may find some non-phone jobs.
23. CarMax – This company has work at home jobs for those who want
to work in Customer Service to connect with customers online or by
phone to answer their questions. No experience is required with flexible
hours.
24. Carvana – This company hires remote workers to guide customers
through the purchase process related to the purchase of a vehicle. Your
computer and equipment are provided by the company. Offers hourly
pay with benefits and perks.
25. Cass Information Systems – Work from home as an Office Invoice
Payment Specialist entering customer data. This is basically a data
entry position requiring you to type at least 9,000 kph working 25 hours
a week. Pays $12 per hour with bonuses.
26. Chegg – This company currently has a variety of work at home
careers in the education field to help support students achieve their
goals. Competitive salary with benefits.
27. Clickworker – Another company that is always hiring remote workers
to complete a variety of non-phone tasks on your computer or
smartphone. The tasks are simple, and allow you to work your own
schedule, at your own pace. Open worldwide with weekly pay.
28. Clutter – This company hires people in California and elsewhere to
work from home in Dispatch, Customer Experience Specialists,
Engineers, and more. These jobs pay over $20 per hour and will provide
your equipment, monthly stipends, and benefits.
29. Colony Brands – You can work from home in Customer Service
taking orders, verifying information, tracking packages, and answering
questions. This company offers flexible work schedules, employee
discounts, freebies, and more.
30. Concentrix – Always hiring Sales and service Reps with experience
to provide great service to their customers. They have full-time work at
home jobs in several states with a competitive salary, benefits, perks,
and monthly performance incentives.
31. Conduent – This company is always recruiting remote workers in
Customer Service, Data Entry, Quality Assurance, Processing
Associates, etc. These jobs come with paid training, benefits, and other
perks.
32. Conversica – Hiring Customer Support agents to work from home to
answer incoming support requests from customers. They also have
other work at home jobs you can apply to.
33. CVS Health – CVS has various work at home jobs in Customer
Service and other departments to educate members on their plans,
answer questions, resolve issues, etc. You can even receive a $1,000
sign-on bonus.
34. Daily Transcription – Work from home as an English Transcriber,
Subtitler, or Captioner working your own schedule. They hire in the US,
UK, Canada, and Australia. Weekly pay.
35. Direct Interactions – This company hires Customer Service
Specialists to work from home to fill their client’s needs. They hire
those who are disabled and others. Hourly pay with benefits.
36. Dotdash – This company hires editors, Article Fact Checkers,
Photographers, and other non-phone work at home jobs. The jobs pay
very well.
37. Eagle Teleservices – They are always seeking remote workers to
work in Roadside Support to assist commercial vehicles with all their
emergency road service needs. You will work weekend, evening, and
overnight hours. Monthly performance bonus and benefits.
38. eBay – Work from home for eBay in Customer Service. They hire in
the US, Ireland, and other countries. They offer competitive pay with
benefits, Internet reimbursement, a Sabbatical, and more.
39. Elevation Connect – They have several work at home jobs openings
in Travel, Guest Services, Customer Support, and more. No experience
is required.
40. Eureka Facts – Work from home as a Remote Telephone Research
Interviewer conducting phone research interviews and surveys with
respondents. This is a part-time entry-level work at home job.
41. Exam Works – Work from home reviewing medical reports and
claims. They also hire Quality Assurance Coordinators and nurses to
work from home. This company also provides all your computer
equipment.
Get a resume that will pass the ATS tracking system for better results
42. Fancy Hands – Work from home as a Virtual Assistant assisting
individuals by finding hotels, scheduling appointments, making phone
calls, etc. Work whenever you want.
43. G1 Survey Research – This company hires telephone interviewers to
work from home in opinion research. There is no selling or stress
involved. Work from home without any experience anytime, anywhere.
Competitive pay and bonuses.
44. Gengo – Gengo is a Lionbridge company that has remote positions
in Engineering and Support Analysts to work from home.
45. GoDaddy – Help support GoDaddy customers from your home office
as a Tech Support Rep. This job pays $18 per hour with benefits. They
also hire worldwide and have several work at home job opportunities.
46. Hubspot – This company always has work at home jobs for those in
the US and all over the world in Customer Support, Design, and other
categories.
47. Humana – Another company that always has work at home jobs
available in the Healthcare industry. They hire in the US, Puerto Rico,
Alaska, and more. Benefits start the first day.
48. Humanatic – Work from home listening to calls and sorting them
into categories working whenever you want. You can do this job from
your smartphone or computer. No experience is required. Weekly pay.
Open worldwide.
49. ICUC – This company is always hiring Content Moderators to work
from home in the US and Canada to monitor and respond to comments
on their clients; social media pages.
50. InfoCision – Work from home in Customer Service supporting
non-profits, the Skincare industry, and more. There is no experience
required. Weekly pay and benefits available.
51. Inktel Contact Center Solutions – You can apply to work from home
as an Email Beauty Advisor, Remote Luxury Wine Specialist, Homeware
Support, and more. These jobs come with benefits, paid training, and
hourly pay.
52. Insurity – Apply to work from home as a Technical Writer, Product
Owner, and more. This company hires in the US and Canada. Health
insurance is provided on the first day.
53. Intermedia – This company has work at home job openings for those
who live in the US, UK, and Canada in Sales, Tech Support, Customer
Billing, etc.
54. Iubenda – Work from home if you live in the US, Canada, or Germany
in Sales as a Customer Success Agent and more. They will provide you
with a learning budget, work equipment, competitive salary, and more.
55. Keyword Studios – This company hires remote workers from all over
the globe to work in Customer Support, as a Gamer Support Agent,
Subtitlers, in Translation, and more. Most of the jobs are full-time.
56. L & E Research – Work from home as a Virtual Service Rep
conducting market research with corporate clients, setting up virtual
rooms, performing virtual checks for online research, and more. Pays
$13 to $16 per hour with a company laptop.
57. Literably – Apply to work from home listening to audio recordings of
students reading to transcribe their errors. Work whenever you want.
Pays $10 per hour. No experience is required.
58. Magic Ears – Work from home teaching young kids English working
your own schedule. Pays up to $26 per hour.
59. Mass Mutual – You can find an abundance of work at home jobs
with this company in Administrative work, Claims, Communications,
Operations, Technology, etc.
60. Maximus – This company is known to have hundreds of work at
home job openings in Customer Service and other categories. They
offer paid training, bonuses, and hourly pay, and some positions will
provide you with a free computer.
61. Mercor – Work from home helping to train AI to be more accurate
and reliable. There are several non phone work from home job openings
that do not require experience. Other jobs are in specific fields of
expertise. They hire in several countries. Pays weekly with
exceptionally high hourly rates up to $100 per hour.
62. MDS – This company is always seeking Call Center Reps to work
from home to take donations for organizations and charities. These
jobs pay $16 per hour with weekly pay, paid training, weekly bonuses, a
free laptop, and benefits.
63. Micro1 – This platform has multiple non-phone work from home job
openings in AI. They frequently hire writers, translators, transcribers,
video experts, and more. The pay is excellent starting at $40 per hour
with weekly pay.
64. ModSquad – Work from home moderating content, chatting with
customers, Customer Service, and many other categories. Most of
these jobs are non-phone and require little to no experience. ModSquad
hires worldwide.
65. My Employment Options – This company hires those who receive
SSI or SSDI and desire to work from home in Customer Service, Travel,
and other categories. They offer free job placement from the Ticket to
Work Program.
66. Nelnet – This company has work from home jobs mostly in
Customer Service. The jobs are entry-level and come with hourly pay
and benefits.
67. Nielsen – Nielsen has work at home jobs in Helpline Support,
Telephone Interviewers, and other jobs. Most of these jobs are on a
part-time basis.
68. Omni Interactions – This company is always seeking remote workers
to provide phone and email support for Fortune 500 companies. You
can earn up to $20 per hour setting your own hours in 30-minute blocks.
69. OnBrand 24 – This company is hiring 1,000 remote workers to assist
customers with adding or removing products and services, selling new
products, resolving support issues, etc. You will receive hourly pay,
monthly incentives, paid training, benefits, cash and prize contests, etc.
70. One Forma – This company has multiple freelance work from home
opportunities in Data Collection, Transcription, Annotation, etc.
Worldwide openings are available.
71. One Support – One Support is always hiring in Client Support, Sales,
Tech, and Bilingual Support. They offer competitive benefits, on the job
training, and do not require certificates or degrees.
72. Outplex – You can work from home in the US if you live in the
Dominican Republic and Colombia. These are entry-level jobs that do
not require any previous experience.
73. Pat Live – Work from home as a Virtual Receptionist answering calls
for thousands of businesses all across the country. Offer paid training,
and flexible scheduling with hourly pay.
74. Pearl Interactive Network – This company has virtual job openings in
Customer Service, Appointment Setting, and more. Offers great hourly
pay, paid time off, and benefits.
75. Pearson – You can literally find a wide variety of remote
opportunities from Pearson. They also hire tutors to work from home.
They have worldwide work from home jobs with good pay.
76. Pleio – Work from home as a Good Starter Mentor helping patients
get into a good routine of taking their medications. Pays well.
77. Public Storage – This company is always hiring Inbound Sales
Agents and Customer Service Specialists to work from home to
recommend appropriate storage units. The pay is $20 per hour
(depending on location) with paid training, benefits, and a $1,000 new
hire bonus. This company hires people in California and other states to
work remotely.
78. Qurate Retail Group – This company hires Customer Service
Associates to shop with their QVC, HSN, Zulily, and Cornerstone
customers and lead them through sales purchases, and assist with
returns, refunds, and exchanges. Full-time with paid training.
79. Reesby IT – This company hires remote workers from all over the
world in Sales, Data Entry, Customer Service, Social Media, and more.
They also hire in California.
80. Reddit – This popular company has work at home job openings in
their Operations department, Community, Communications, Design, and
more.
81. Rev.com – Work from anywhere as a captioner, transcriber, or
subtitling whenever you want. You can also find remote positions on
their official career page. This company hires in California also. Weekly
pay.
82. SC Data Centers – You can always find and apply to work at home
positions as an Inbound Customer Service Agent where you will take
orders, verify information, track packages, and answer customer
questions. They offer performance pay and incentives as well as
employee discounts.
83. S & P Data – You can work from home as a Retention Agent, in Sales,
Customer Service, or as a Recruiter. This company provides you with
paid training, benefits, and hourly pay with uncapped bonuses and
incentives.
84. Screen Rant – Work from home writing and submitting content on
various topics. This is an entry-level position that allows you to work
from anywhere on your own schedule.
85. Sedgwick – Another company that consistently has work at home
job openings mostly in Customer Service. These are full-time jobs with
minimal work experience.
86. Sitel – Work from home as a Licensed Insurance Agent in Customer
Service, Tech Support, etc. They have several work at home jobs
openings in the US and abroad.
87. Slingshot Technology – This company hires remote workers to
provide customer service and tech support to their customers. They
offer hourly pay with bonuses.
88. SMI – Work from home job openings are available with this company
in Customer Service, Writers, and Data Entry Keyers. These are full-time
work at home jobs with benefits.
89. Smith.ai – Work from home as a Virtual Assistant completing a
variety of administrative duties for different businesses and
professionals. They hire in the US and all over the world with hourly pay,
paid training, and cash bonuses.
90. Startek – You can find and apply to Customer Service work at home
jobs for those who are Bilingual and candidates who only speak English.
Full-time with hourly pay.
91. Stella & Dot – This company is always out on the lookout for Remote
Stylists to sell their products, jewelry, handbags, accessories, and more
right from your phone or computer.
92. Skybridge Americas – Apply to work from home in Customer Care or
as a Roadside Assistant Specialist. Pays hourly with a $250 sign-on
bonus. This company hires in the US and Canada.
93. Support.com – This company is always hiring Tech Support Reps to
work from home but you can also find Customer Service job openings
too. They offer paid training, benefits, and 401K.
94. Sutherland Global – You will get access to global work at home job
opportunities in Tech Support, as an Airbnb Customer Care Rep, and
more. They offer paid training, hourly pay, incentives, and discounts.
95. Study.com – You can always find an abundance of non-phone jobs
as a Video Creator, reviewing and writing articles, as a Tutor, and many
other opportunities. Most of the jobs are entry-level and allow you to
work from any location.
96. Teemwork.ai – You can find and apply to global non-phone work at
home job openings in Transcription, Web Search Evaluation, Ads
Evaluators, and many more. This company hires worldwide and
provides training. No experience is required.
97. Teleflora – Work from home taking floral and product orders from
customers. You will also assist with questions and requests. These are
full-time work at home jobs.
98. Telelanguage – Work from home as an over-the-phone interpreter,
video interpreter, in Customer Service, and more. The Customer Service
jobs pay $15 per hour working 40 hours a week with benefits.
99. Teleperformance – Work from home as a Claims Processor, in
Customer Service, Tech Support, Sales, and more for this company.
Provide paid training, competitive wages, and benefits.
100. Telus International – You can find so many work at home jobs
moderating content, rating ads, helping to keep the Internet safe, etc.
This company hires all over the world and does not require previous
experience.
101. The Social Element – This company hires Social Media Moderators
all over the world to ensure content posted conforms to their guidelines.
They seek remote workers who are fluent in English and other
languages to do this from home. Weekend work is required.
102. Transcom – You can apply to work from home as a Tech Support
Advisor helping customers with their accounts or enroll or cancel a
service. They will supply you with a computer, paid training, and
benefits. Hiring in the US and Canada.
103. Transperfect – This company has freelance work at home jobs and
internal jobs for Bilingual Interpreters. These are full-time positions.
104. Truepill – You can find some highly skilled work at home jobs and
openings for those who prefer to do data entry, in Customer Service (no
experience required), and others you can apply to online.
105. TSD Global – Work from home taking orders for restaurants or as a
Call Center Rep. This company has immediate openings with weekly
pay, paid training, benefits, and reimbursements for your Internet
connection and equipment.
106. TTEC – TTEC has work at home job opportunities in various
categories and only requires minimal experience. They provide hourly
pay and hires in 41 states.
107. Tyme Global – This company is seeking Virtual Assistants to
complete various job duties remotely. They hire both in the US &
Canada and provide all your equipment and training.
108. Ultius – This company is always seeking freelance writers to
complete writing orders from customers all over the world. You will
earn $8 to $25 per page.
109. United Health Group – You can literally find a plethora of work at
home job openings as a Member Advocate, in billing, Customer Service,
and more. All jobs come with a variety of perks, benefits, and sign-on
bonuses!
110. Unum – You can find and apply to several work at home jobs in
Claims, Sales, Technology, and more to provide critical and accurate
information on benefits, claims, or policy administration.
111. Uscreen – Work from home as an Internet Researcher, App Setup
Specialist, and in other departments.
112. Valor Global – Provide helpdesk support to customers over the
phone. This job does not require experience with hourly pay. Full-time.
113. Verizon – Work from home in Sales or Customer Service to assist
and educate customers as well as build relationships.
114. VIP Desk Connect – This company has work at home jobs for
remote agents called Brand Ambassadors to handle calls from some of
the nation’s largest companies. Full-time with benefits.
115. VIQ – Work from home transcribing audio recordings and providing
accurate transcriptions in Law Enforcement, corporate finance,
insurance, and other sectors. Flexible work schedule.
116. Wayfair – This company hires people all over the world to service
customers with post-order issues and other concerns. Offers a
competitive salary, comprehensive training, and monthly bonuses.
117. Webstaurant Store – Work from home in Customer Solutions, as a
Content Curator, Content Editor, Content Writer, and more. These
full-time jobs offer benefits and provide essential computer and
equipment to work remotely.
118. Webtoon – This company is always seeking people to moderate and
review all user-generated content. They are looking for people who are
interested in online safety and tech-savvy.
119. Welocalize – You can find and apply to a variety of non-phone
jobs/gigs as an Ads Quality Rater, in moderation, translation, Search
Quality Rater, Content Reviewer, and more. These are global
opportunities with some jobs paying $30 per hour.
120. Windy City Call Center – This company is always seeking Call Center
Reps to handle calls from multiple clients, secure appointments, and
other related duties. They provide paid training, benefits, and 401K.
121. Working Solutions – You can also find and apply to work from home
jobs in Customer Service, Travel, Hospitality, Sales, and even jobs that
are seasonal.
122. World Travel Holdings – This company hires and recruits Travel
Sales Agents to work from home to assist guests with all their travel
needs. Full-time.
123. Yelp – You can work from home as an Inside Sales Rep or
Community ambassador for Yelp. They provide training, salary with
uncapped commission, benefits, and 401K.
124. Zapier – This company has remote work at home job openings for
Customer Champions and in other fields. They hire worldwide and offer
a competitive salary, benefits, stipends, and an Apple laptop, and will
provide you with an additional budget for your home office.
